Sun hasn't risen properly for 2 years. Ten towns is "the refuge of the runaway", very diverse. Only the dwarves are separate, but mainly just because they mine at the Cairn.

Zazyx (Bill) - F halfling, red hair grey eyes, shield + battleaxe fighter
Ghant (Jacob) - M goblin, ranger

Came in along Ten Trail to Brynshander. Storm comes down.

Kaylu (Rachel) - F fire genasi, long orange hair, life cleric
Hrogar (Wade) - M dwarf/orc war cleric
Meg (me)

Rest of us left Targos recently. We meet the others, Zazzix leads us astray for awhile but Kaylu finds town. Alfea (the guide) appears from behind, she couldn't catch up, and shows Z+G to the inn. We follow.

Hrogar's friends from the Blackiron Blades, Brynshander (Hruna, Korrox and Storm (Ubluk dead)) lost a sled to a yeti and will pay us 50g each to retrieve it.
Dwarves are mining up at Kelvin's Cairn. Sled is somewhere in the Dwarven Valley or Cairn.
We get that, kill some goblins, no problem but one gets away. Got paid.

Rumours of recent killings, 3 cold blooded killings in the last month.
Halfling trapper in Easthaven
Human shipbuilder (Chris) in Targos, 5th dock down. Found 1/2 hour before lottery 7-8pm. Sophie "won" the lottery.
3d ago dwarven glassblower in Brynshander.
All with a dagger of ice in their hearts.
Easthaven, Targos + Brynshander all sacrifice on the new moon.

Elderly shield-dwarf, Hiln Trollbane, ex-bounty hunter. Made too many enemies, came to the dale. Fond of the Battle-hammer dwarves. Thinks Sephek Kaltro (human, got description) is the killer, maybe fulfilling intended sacrifices to the Frostmaiden. She'll pay us 100gp for dealing with him. He appears to be invulnerable to cold, "the kiss of the Frostmaiden". Travelling with Torrga Icevein's caravan, "Torg's", possibly illegal activity. They're heading on a specific route:
1. Targos
2. Bremen
3. Through Targos through to Termalaine
4. Lonelywood.
Usually 1d travel, 1d trade, repeat. So given 3d since last kill, likely on Targos-Bremen road.

Sheriff Markham Southwell is at the council hall if we want to get deputised but maybe no point, according to Hiln Trollbane.

We travel to Targos, 1h. A port city, lots of fishing.
2 famous taverns, Luskan Arms (bit nicer, speaker here) + 3 Flags Sailing (fisherman's)
We go to 3 Flags. Innkeeper "Ma" (Bethan?) looks after her patrons. Torg's was here a day ago, for the 2nd time.
Chris (murdered) is undistinguished, no gambling or drinking problem. Lives at #73, frost on the windows. Door is locked, so we give up.

2h to Termalaine. Founded by a Kalashite settler who valued beauty. The prettiest town, protected from wind by pines and a slight valley. Reminds us of the southern lands. No wall, bit smaller place, docks, miners. Blue Clam tavern, there's also somewhere to sleep (but not eat/drink).
Halforc owner, Vernon. Torg's is outside town hall. I disguise myself to imitate Kiss of the Frostmaiden, Marilyn Monroe.

@Torg's, dwarven lady. We find Sephek, he seems controlled and emotionless. He gets info directly from Auril just before the new moon, on people that paid the authorities to evade the lottery. Not sure if she's basically puppeting him. We plan for Ghant to track him until he sleeps, then we bag him and bring him to Hiln.

260gp 10sp 24cp
Snowshoes for everyone
2 potions
6 rations
small bone whistle

Next: [[Archive/Rime/E02]]