[[Archive/Rime/E01]] [[E03]]

We followed Sephek to the inn and after much discussion, put a bag over his head and dragged him out the back door. His room was virtually empty and he was just stood standing there. In the woods, we talked a LOT more. Eventually we realised he was dead already and made him more so before burying him in a shallow grave. Returning to town, we saw the speaker and reported the corruption in Targos, Brynshander and Easthaven to him; along with what we knew about Sephek, admitting to killing him (but he was already dead so it was OK).

The speaker then entrusted us with a job to clear out the town mine, mainly of some kobolds. We found a couple of giant rats, the second of which one-shot Hrogar before being taken out. A couple of kobolds presented no problem and a bit deeper in we sniped a couple more attempting to weaken a wooden walkway we'd previously used. The leader, a kobold with wings made out of paper and sticks (a status symbol), spoke very good Common - reminding us of the sign warning us to stay out of the mine at the entrance, which was in actual calligraphy! We negotiated that they could stay and work in the town, after helping us mine a few paltry tourmalines.

When we went back to clear out the last of the mine, Hrogar found a mind-flayer skull embedded in a wall. He was able to dislodge it, disintegrating the skull but obtaining a strange crystal. We thought we were done but a horrific floating, betentacled brain creature (a grell) attacked us on our way out. It took many rounds of hapless flailing but we did prevail. Meg was knocked out in the process but stabilised with the help of the town Speaker. He helped us back to town where we took a long rest and levelled up to 2.

Ghant: 3 / 1  (1s / 20s)
Meg: 4 / 2 
Hrogar: 3 / 2
69 rolls

326gp 7sp 24cp
Snowshoes for everyone
2 potions
Mindflayer crystal
6 rations
small bone whistle