[[Archive/Rime/E02]] [[E04]]

Luskan wizard (Vellynne Harpell) is looking for her colleague (Nass Lantomir), dark hair + glasses + holding an orb of quartz. 25gp for a successful clue.

Backstory: 9-10 months ago, Vurnis & Ravisin, twin sister druids, walked around preaching necessity of sacrifices. They went north and haven't been since.

Got paid by Hiln, tip to Bremen. Went to Targos Speaker, no work. Visit Luskan Arms, drafty due to holes in floor. Tip re: Oyaminartok. Enjoyed some rep gain due to kobold mine.

Off to Bremen. Speaker shield dwarf M, Dorbulgruf - forgetful, vacant stare, old even for dwarf. Monster in lake attacking boats. Cold has damaged its food source? It's not hungry for knucklehead trout. Kaylu suggests IOU. Grynsk has the boats. Sent to Buried Treasures inn, Cora, nice night. 5cp/trout. We get 3 harpoons, 2 boats. Meet halfelf Tali, animal naturalist. Boats get banged up but we survive.

Monster can talk! It was awakened by Ravisin, met near Lonelywood, and told to terrorise fishermen for Auril. It assumes we're chosen of Auril, Meg deceives barely and dubs him Harold. Should be OK now? Tip about awakened moose in Lonelywood. Reported to Speaker. Back to Targos, stay at 3 flags. . is getting worse, can barely tell time. Termalaine - kobolds are doing well, running a mail service.

We get to Lonelywood. The inn, Ramshackle, is closed. DaGroot committed suicide just after the sacrifices started. Side entrance is open. Speaker Nimsy, halfling F. Ravisin was last seen 30d ago. 75gp for the head, 10gp for the body. Insists on a kill.