2023-09-28 [[E06]] [[E08]]

Killed duergar in bunker.
Killed Nildar Sunblight - "Your doom soars on chardelyn dragon's wings"
Crumpled letter
>Brother, You will find me on the frozen ferry in Easthaven. From this new base, the search for chardalyn continues. Long may our father reign over this dark land! Durth

Chardelyn is from a tower that was shattered long ago. Netherese? Malleable until crafted, very light. Like mithril.

Caer Dineval. Out of booze, sold him our cider.
Speaker is Crannoc Siever. Public appearances slowed down greatly in the last 20 days.
They sacrifice food to Auril.
Up to Caer, gatehouse is locked but they let us in when we say we killed duergar.
Dogs in kennels.
Tiefling servant (Merr) claims "Kadroth" (runs the Caer's operations) is a nasty man.
Lady Fell (high status here) + gatekeep Hurowar (low status but friends with Fell) meet us.
Some interest in running booze logistics for us, mainly interested in defense.
Place seems relatively rich, food left on plates and a brazier in the tower where we'll stay the night.
Merr came to see us. She was homeless, Kadroth took her in. But over the years, he's grown unkind. His group is aligned with Levistus (6th layer of hell). There's a tiefling wizard (Avarice) in the cisterns near a shrine. Merr told us how to get in.
Speaker is being held prisoner. Merr told us how to find him. Killed his guard, interrogated, knows Kadroth is acting on behalf of Asmodeus. Guard yelled, we murdered more guards + Kadroth. Working with Arcane Brotherhood, as is Avarice.
We're paid + given the northwest tower as a base. I have adopted K's cat and named it Spooky.

Found Hethyl Arkorran in room adjacent to Kadroth's. Foresaw her doom when we found her.
•    Xardorok Sunblight, a duergar warlord, will conquer Icewind Dale unless you defeat him.
•    Xardorok has a fortress, hidden in the Spine of the World. It contains, among other things, a forge powered by the still-beating heart of a red dragon.
•    Xardorok has a plan for the systematic destruction of Ten-Towns.
•    You will die if you face Xardorok too soon. You must test their mettle against the horrors that haunt the farthest reaches of Icewind Dale before you can hope to survive the perils of Xardorok’s fortress.