There once was a Celtic man whose name has been eaten by time. A thousand years ago, his people arrived to a nameless land that would soon learn to carry the name of their tribe: Bohemia. He was a guard with an important mission: to protect the first school of druids in Semín = The Court of Conception. Awed by the magics he saw all around this wild land, he wanted some of it for himself.
He found a way to summon a young Hag, a Ježibaba, and asked to make a deal with her. He told me not what that first deal was, only that it was the beginning of their courtship. This foolish man tried to play with a Hag’s heart, hoping it would give him access to her power. She was green and fresh then, but not for long.
One day, she told him she had just learned a new spell – one that could transform him into anything he desired to be. He eagerly volunteered for the spell, and finally listed what he truly wanted to gain from her: speed and strength beyond a human man’s physicality, a voice that will always be heard, and the ability to resist death.
The ritual turned the sky black for three days, but more importantly, it triggered a slow and painful transformation into what we now as Krakonoš, an immortal parody of a Howler. And that was when I met him: mid-transformation, while fleeing, trying to escape the influence of the Hag and her curse.
He came to my court and begged for an audience with me, its queen.
“My bones are strong,” he said, “but when I move, they rip by skin and leave my flesh behind. And then I begin to heal, which hurts all the more.” 
“My bones are growing,” he gasped, “they’re ripping through my body and changing shape into something unspeakable.” 
“My bones are screaming,” he cried, “they hurt so much that I can’t think of anything else. My mind is running away from me, my mind has no name anymore, my mind is naught but agony and rage. Help me,” he howled, “or I shall make you suffer as I suffer.”
I tried. The water did nothing. My magic did nothing. He eventually admitted that he had signed his consent to the ritual with his own blood. There was nothing we could do. And this was where I failed my people. You see, I didn’t plan to fail. And I couldn’t get him far enough from my court by the time his transformation was complete.
Bones cracked, eyes popped, skin slid off, antlers grew, and a scream sounded that rendered us deaf for days. And in that silence, he ripped into my people like a sickle rips into grass. And on that day, when the Urquell ran red with the blood of fairies, Queen Nimue lost her crown.
The beast ran off and was later chained, I’d heard, by none other than the Ore King, Kovlad. Soon after, Krakonoš was sent to slaughter the druidic school at Semín. His own people. At the time, I found an odd sense of satisfaction in the tragedy. What a just punishment for the crime he committed against innocent fairies who were just trying to help him. Later, I realized that his suffering far outweighed my own, and what is worse, his suffering would never stop.
The following ten centuries proved that what he said was true: that in the most horrific and unwanted way possible, the ritual made him immortal. I thank the heavens that I stopped hatching any vengeful schemes against Krakonoš before it was too late. There is no fighting that thing. He can't be killed, he can’t be bought, he can’t be reasoned with, and he can’t be escaped.
It is a miracle, I say, that King Kovlad has managed to make him do his bidding so far. And it is only a question of time, I foresee, before his servants find Krakonoš’s chain severed, Kovlad’s throne room bathed in blood, and the king’s giant body ripped into tiny little pieces.