Mid September 96
Sept 20th, arrive at safehouse. A decom water treatment plant on the outskirts of Poughkeepsie.
Arsons in Mississippi, largely African American churches. 3 in a triangle, all one week, around Port Gibson, tiny place <1000 people. Surrounded by wilderness near a curve in the river which runs low.

St Peters' African Methodist Church is in the city.

Mr Koroni's briefcase appeared on a side table while unobserved. He left no tyre tracks or foot prints, arriving or departing.

Arrive 22nd, 1700. All flags are at half-mast. Funeral procession. All stores closed for funeral.
Procession is surrounded by several older spirits, incl a white priest Jed Foster 70s weeping. Several harmless spirits hiding in nearby buildings, peeking out. Enormous gouts of spirit fire from hearse. Not a lot of young people in town.

(S) Mayor Clint Burrows' (in hearse) house burned down last night. Good riddance, says Fred Hatch. Cronies Ed+Jed, some changes the man didn't like. Sheriff's car in front of hearse, with sheriff Donny Foster 20s black. Used to be troublemakers as kids. Kid (Calvin) 16 invited Stella (+ girlfriends) down to the river South St for drinks. 

(D+R) Burrows' house near Bayou Pier, NW of town. Only one road leading there. Small barn out back that survived. Newish car. Little path down to the Bayou. Little garden patches, covered in ash. Mostly flowers, few vegetables. Not seared by heat or flame. Likely a Tibetan flame demon, summoned when a priest eats goat. No spirits at all, incl around footprints, almost antiseptically - scoured.

(S) Burrheimer House B&B, we get 3 rooms. Miss Maisel runs it. Mentions the cronies Edward Marlboro pastor of St Pete's. Old sheriff Jed Foster, father of current sheriff (RIP). Some scandal, Jed + Mabel were mixed race. Mabel's now the organist. Fred used to hang out with Bannister boys at river huts, went off with some southern fire+brimstone priest in 64/65. Fred courted Ms Maisel once but she shut him down.

(D+R) One-room police station, CB radio, single holding cell. Two desks, sheriff + deputy 23. Jed was sometimes a Deacon. Donny has a sister. Dani kicked off, we got kicked out. Following white nerd kid into library, he almost talked to cops. Ward on library? (D) 15! feels like someone is screaming deep in the library.

(S) Ed+Mabel used to have a bit of a thing, before Jed got her. Ed was caught in a house fire, got burnt real bad, ended football career.

(D+R) Two room library. Nerd ran through, stopped Dani with a cart, caught him in the alley. Soothed, "thank god, you're not Them". R takes him back to Ms Maisel's.

(D) Someone repeatedly pounding at back door, whole body. Thin, greasy black hair, scruff beard, dirty face, old clothes. Surprisingly young, rough life, sunken eyes. D opens door so he falls in. Just croaks instead of speaking, jaw disjoints, flicker of fire in throat. No eyes, sockets alight with flame.

Next: [[E02 - Case 21|E02 - Case 21]]